update doc concerning tenants (#2512)
giantswarm/docs: src/content/tutorials/observability/multi-tenancy/creating-grafana-organization/_index.md

> 

Reviewer: In the line above there is a mistake I think. The example Organisation CRD shows "myonlineshop" as a listed tenant, but the text beneath says it gives you access to the giantswarm tenant - we either have to refine that to "allowing you access to the `myonlineshop` tenant" or change the tenant in the yaml, but then I'd add "gives you access to the shared giantswarm tenant"

The Role Base Access Control (RBAC) section defines how to assign groups from your configured identity provider to `Grafana` [available roles](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/administration/roles-and-permissions/#organization-roles) (`Admin`, `Editor`, `Viewer`). For organization mapping, you can read the official Grafana [documentation](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/next/setup-grafana/configure-security/configure-authentication/generic-oauth/#configure-role-mapping).
Note that only the `admins` field is mandatory in this section.

> Thanks to our Tenant Governance, you can define any number of tenants in a Grafana Organization and update those at any time later on (i.e adding or removing tenants to an existing Grafana Organization). This also mean that deleting a Grafana Organization which tenants are also listed in other organizations won't delete those.

Reviewer: This is already a great start, but I think we can be more precise in this. What do you think about changing it something like this: 

```suggestion
The tenant field is used to grant access to the specified tenants, but also serves as tenant governance. This means that only tenants listed in **at least one** Grafana Organisation CRD are accepted targets in the write path and can receive data. Data sent to a tenant that is not listed in any Grafana Organisation CRDs tenant field will just be dropped. 

**Warning:** Removing a tenant from **all** Grafana Organisation CRDs tenant fields also means, that you can no longer send data to that tenant! 
```
